---
toc: true
layout: post
description: Unit 3 Lesson 12-13
categories: [Week 15]
title: Unit 3 Lesson 12-13
---
# Unit 3 Lesson 12-13

# Notes

# Notes

A procedure is a named group of programming instructions that may have parameters and return values.

Procedures can be reffered to as method or function depending on the programing language.

A procedrure call interrupts an execution of statements and makes the program execute the statements in the procedure.

Parameters are input values of a procedure.

Argurments specifcy the values of the parameters when a procedure is called.

If you have a set of statements and inside there is a procedure then when it reaches that procedure it will excute that procedure and then go back to the rest of the statments.

If you see a return statement you automatically end the procedure even if there is more statements

Procedures are that a catch-all term for codes used to identify what was done to or given to a patient

If you have a set of statements in a procedure the statement will go thought the top of the procedure to the bottom in order.

Procedure: is a named group of programming instructions that serves a purpose

Parameter: are input values of a procedur

There are two types of procedures, one that returns a value or some type of data and on that just executes a block of statements

Modularity - the practice of breaking a complex program into smaller, independent parts or modules that can be used and reused in different parts of the program

# 3.12 Part 1 Hacks
 
Problem 1

<mark>PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) { DISPLAY (time/distance) }</mark>

Problem 2

<mark>True==

Problem 3

<mark>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) + calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252)</mark>

<mark>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint((2451, 118) + (3442, 252))</mark>

# 3.12 Part 2 Hacks

PROCEDURE find a ()

{ c -- 9

b <-- 9 * 9    

a <-- b * c     

Print (a)

}

What is a?

<mark>a= 729</mark>

cost ⟵ 173 tax - 10%

PROCEDURE applytax (cost, cpercentDiscounted) { temp <-- 100 + percentTaxed

temp <-- temp / 100

cost <-- cost x temp       

Print(cost)} 

What is the cost?

<mark>cost= $190.30</mark>

Tempature - 103 Degrees

PROCEDURE convet Fahrenheit (tempature)

{

Celsius <-- tempature - 32  

Celsius <-- Celsius x 5/9      

Print (Celsius)}

<mark>temperature: 39.4 degrees Celsius</mark>

# 3.13 Hacks

1. Create a procedure that is meant to replace the top running backs yards per game in one season if the current running back has more yards per game

Necessary Parameters: toprbyardspg(100), currentrbyards(1260), totalGames(12)

PROCEDURE Replace the top running backs yards per game in one season if the current running back has more yards per game

If (currentRbYards(1260) > toprbyardspg(100)

toprbyardspg <-- currentRbYards

2. Write a procedure that will allow the A+ to get to the 1, while avoiding the black boxes

PROCEDURE GetA+to1

MOVE_RIGHT()

MOVE_RIGHT()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_RIGHT()

MOVE_RIGHT()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_LEFT()

MOVE_LEFT()

MOVE_LEFT()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_LEFT()

3. Which Is the Correct Way to define the Name of a Procedure?

A. PROCEDURE MYLIST

<mark>B. PROCEDURE MyList</mark>

C. procedure mylist

4. Write A Procedure That gets the BeachBall To the Green Square

PROCEDURE Getballtosquare

MOVE_LEFT()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_FORWARD()

MOVE_LEFT()

MOVE_LEFT()

# Reflection

These lessons were a bit challenging at first but with perserverance I was able to understand the concepts which allowed me to perform the hacks well. The presentation was great and I learned a lot from it.
